docs(issue): added docs for wrong detection issues (#1961)
aquasecurity/trivy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/WRONG_DETECTION.md

---
name: Wrong Detection
labels: ["kind/security-advisory"]
about: If Trivy doesn't detect something, or shows false positive detection
---
<!--

Please, read the documentation before creating an issue:
https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/community/contribute/issue/

-->

> 

Reviewer: We can move it to check list.

> ## Check Advisory Databases
> - [ ] run Trivy with `-f json` that shows data sources. Please make sure that data source is correct.
> - [ ] visit [Github Advisory Database](https://github.com/advisories) and search CVE-ID.
> - [ ] visit [Gitlab Advisory Database](https://advisories.gitlab.com/) and search CVE-ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Checklist
- [ ] Read [the documentation regarding wrong detection](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/latest/community/contribute/issue/#wrong-detection)
- [ ] Confirm that a security advisory in data sources is correct
    - run Trivy with `-f json` that shows data sources. Please make sure that the security advisory is correct.
```
